Suzi, how dare you stay here?
How dare you!
Mom
Are you okay? You're still protecting him?
Auntie, don't be angry.
Tonight is your birthday party.
Or are you sensible?
Unlike this bitch
Just know to block me
Auntie, don't be angry.
Birthday is still important
He happened to be at my birthday party today
Give me an eyesore
Are you worthy of Xiao Yang? I have already said it.
I left him a long time ago
This is the tie you left on me last time
I never got a chance to give it to you.
Take advantage now
What the hell are you doing?
I remember him wearing this tie
So I'm really with Xuewei
Mr. Gu, thank you
I'll go first
You stop
What to do
Mom is too much
You are in front of so many people
For what he did to me
Wrong is wrong
Humph
you